= Bowling alone video idea =

Right wing: Increase oil revenue, increase car centric infrastructure, increase policing (drugs) and surveillance tech
Left  wing: Increase surveillance technology, speech monitoring, islamophobia prosecution, sexualization and degeneracy
No one cares: Right to repair, walkable neighborhoods, microplastics, 4th ammendment and basic human right (privary)

George Soros and Elon Musk are basically buddies ok. They both have large
flocks of sheep which they fleece. Elon Musk fleeces them in a barn with
the confederate flag, and George Soros fleeces his sheep in a barn with the
fucking palestine flag ok. You all are getting FUCKED.

1. intro, talk about social capital, bullet point list with icons
Social Capital is connections among individuals
* Existance of communal organizations:
        * Sports groups (bowling, football ...)
        * Church attendence
* How well parents know eachother (village to raise child)
* How much neighbors trust eachother
* Family units and extended family connections (uncle, grandparents ...)
* Presence of Role Models: 'village/town head', 'old head' and 'community mothers'

Conservatives want you to "love thy neighbor", but the politicians they
vote for split your neighbors apart, destroy communities and increase
distrust and hatred. The leftists also want to destroy social capital and
move towards an 'open society' by George Soros. Americans are getting
fucked both ways No Vasaline Ice Cube.

2. Picture of graph with the increasing and decreasing in center:
        Graph
        Increasing: Automobile and oil revenue, lanes in highways, surveillance technologies, policing
        Decreasing: Communities, church attendence, male role models 'old head', stable family structures and general local political engagement
3. Left wing on left, right wing on right, talk about what they want to do
        - Car icon, road icon
        - LGBTQ education icon for leftists, oversexualization degeneracy
Teslas record everything in the car (multiple cameras)
All cars have location tracking, speed tracking and wheels now a days even
emit radio frequencies which police cars can track
All cars have license and registration, number places. This information can
easily identify you.

4. Social Capital, Neighborhood watch and trust
You see when people don't interract with eachother, when communities are
weak: violent crime tends to increase. Teenagers have weaker role models,
parents know eachother less, the village needed to raise a child is not
there. Our large organizations want to tear us apart and insert themselves
in that void. Surveillance technologies will replace communal trust and the
church, traffic police will replace the friendly nod on the walking street.
Don't worship jesus or whatever, don't look up to your parents, don't have
friends or a community. Consume our media, trust our authorities and
police, buy our products and just be a fucking meaningless cog for our
control and profits.


